position dont feel like it
dont feel it
not all people
same
none
computer doesnt bother him
might have trouble to remember when
remember how need to concentrate
dr time is short computer has reminders to help eplain dr looks at me like what are you rying to say
BOTH CIRCUMSTANCES ARE EASILY NAVIGATED WITHOUT RUSHING
new tome room in the house
somewhat
wouldd not toonsqer so many questiins
ble or pink
tires focus
tiring
scared-don't use computers
as long as someone else is using the computer it's fine--I do not want to communicate to my doctor on a computer
punching data in
need to apply more pressure
gives me something to do instead of just talking to ohers  drawing it takes your mind off it
have not used commputer
this prefers to talk
no
easy but hard with pain
while sick do not like to read
good program
ery
must hit hard be viscious
cn talkor communicate with computer maybe he would respond
blue
no
fatigue
blue
keep on doing it
i do not know
i use a computrt but may be easier to talk about it
blue
time to form complete responses explaining all my symptoms and issues
doesnt matter
some of them
sometimnes styylus diffficultt
no
never used unable to concentrate
blue
hard to focus
dont know
never used unable to concentrate
blue
hard to focus
not all can use this
purple
mostly easy
was my first timt taping on screen
feel rushed with computer
should be for those who want it, I like speaking for myself
drawing difficult finger touches screen
dr more rushed in a hurry to get out
I WOULD RATHER TALK TO A MACHINE IT DOESN'T GET UP AND WALK AWAY FROM YOU
eyes concentrating
drawing hard
dont know never used one  hard to concentrate
all right for some not everyone
hard to concentrate
no, does not ask what type of pain you have focuses on level
just to use
takes too long
no
none
too tired never used them
eberfyblow
ask me to tell you I know more than the coimputer
I am comfortable using this
none
either one is ok talking to dr is more personal
sometimes people in pain cannot talk and pressing a button to tell the dr in his office he would know the number of pain.  If I press 8 for miss parker the dr would know the urgency. So I think computer is good for patients at bedside.
HARD TO REMEMBE
REMEMBER
NEED ASSISTANCE
I feel more rushed talking to doctor
not today but maybe later
none, too uncomfortable
stlu8s doesnt always work have to tap more then once
done it before
no not yet
too tired
to much o understand
too tired
i like this better
I think it is great
point and touch prob lem with depth perception
did not feel rushed, doin it myself
I like using computer AND telling doctor about my pain.  I think having a computer is very helpful,  I would like to report your pain as it happens on a daily basis. I would like someone to know it changes over 24 hours.
some of the questions were hard to understand
no, for me this worked out pretty well.
understanding  what i read
not much schooling
no strength
people need help
It is good
none
too sick at times
slower
some folks need help dailoy
"With this I have time to think. Doctors want snap answers
no"
stluss moves too quick
cannot type well, eliminate typing,
afraid
dont feel like it
no one rushes me
"cant remeber direction
marjorie helps
I have to think about it quicker but it is easier and fast
god to havein the home"
none
my concentration
hard to focus
hard to understand
have someone assist the patient always
no
never used before and not familiar
not really
It should be used on a regular basis. It is like a friend
remembering how
none
not in the mood feeling ill frustrated cannot concentrate
using the pen
not responding to the touch.
none
make the computer more user freindly.
did not use it
Once I learned what stuff meant it was easy.
I can have better verbiage to use with my doctor and nurses
I can take my time and I don't feel stressed out.
just because you are talking to the computer,does not meanthat you don't want to talk to people, you get lonely
USING STYLUS, STYLUS DIDN'T ALWAYS MATCH WITH WHAT SHOWED ONSCREEN
SOMETIMES, MOSTLY BECAUSE OF INFORMATION OVERLOAD
Word could be slightly larger
the touch screen was sensitive and if my hand or thumb slipped onto the screen I could not record my choices
some what
as I get use to the computer it would be easier
Good idea
Either way would do.
sometimes it was hard to use the stylet
this is a great way to check on the scale of pain for both you and i
with numbness in the hand it was difficult to use the touch sceen
pen pressure was a problem
it allows you to record things as you remember so you don't forget to tell the doctor
daily you keep for the nurse to review
it was easy to use.
IT WOULD BE BETTER IF USED DIRECTLY BY THE DOCTOR
IT SHOULD BE AVAILABLE TO ALL HOSPICE PATIENTS TO HELP WITH THEIR PAIN MANAGEMENT
ambiguty of some questions.
steve is great
drawing on the computer was hard
drawing on the computer was hard, screen sensativity
why does it have to be orange
except when it came to drawing
touch screen sensativity is off
had to touch it multiple time to get the right answer
medical condition made it hard
excessage verbage could be removed
This is very helpful, especially if no one is around at least you can report it here.
I am computer illiterate.
because of not being use to using a computer
I am computer illiterate.
because of not being use to using a computer
too shaky so I needed assistance
shakiness of hand made it difficult to mark the answers that I wanted
its actually pretty good and helpful right now but lay people will probably bbenefit more by using simpler terms
some were them were a bit confusing and it took some time to figure them out, the difference between directions and statements
It is hard for me to gage a 5 or 10 because my pain changes so frequently.
touch screen was somewhat do to shakes
hand shakes
color is fine
this way was fine
drawing on the screen
make it assessable to everybody
Trouble with the stylis in drawing
sometimes trouble with touching the screen and marking the answer
not familiar with computers, can't type or use stylis
Struggled with the logic and sequence of activities
Blue
because it was a touch screen
keep the good work up with the computer, you created a beautiful thing, thanks
too long
I have none.
medical conditions that require to be laying down most of the time
Unable to draw  on the diagram with out more practice, shake to much and screen to sensitve so that drawing could not be completed without assistance
none
questions are too long, surveys are too long
not being use to it
mose training
"first time I used something like this
"
i say whats on my mind
none
first time to use a computer
some of the questions should be reworded to be more understable, ie question of "enjoyment"
needed assistance in drawing the diagram
drawing on the screen
blue
I feel more rushed talking in person. I perfer  this means of communication
When the program is finished we are given a personal computer to keep for the rest of our stay in Hospice.
"don't want to use a coomputer
"
who am I to say if people should have access to computer to report pain, I rather call my doctor to report my pain over the phone
drawing was difficult, touching the screen with my thumb while I was holding it, emotionally I do not not want to use one due to associations that I have
drawing on the screen was difficult
The computer is okay, but I am not interested in using one.  I prefer to talk with people.
Just a feeling I had
It's very helpful to be able to express your feelings totally about your pain.
there is a limit to how much time you can take to describe things.
more words in some categories to describe things.
Afraid to try using it, I am just too nervous.
Screen to sensative
Too sensative in the drawing
I'd rather talk than use a computer
Working on the computer is a little hard on older people.  It might be difficult for people who are not familiar with computers and using it depends on how sick you are.
none
hard to hold on to pen, but finger worked
no, just something new
yes and know because you have to be careful about not touching the screen when you are holding it
needed help drawing pain sites and typing
I enjoyed using this computer.
some blurred vision made it difficult and I had some help
I think the questions have been helpful.
in the beginning
Sometimes my fingers on the screen interfers with the touch screen.
Green
Speaking comes natural to me and this method was equally as comforting.
it was easy and helpful
blue
none
new to  learn
hard to type due to numbness in my fingers
I don't like the orange, it is harder for me to see in the orange
some what, I had to told and stop and think
How long was pain controlled - the wording was confusing.
