The computer was hard because we could not make the arrow to go where it needed to go.
The computer was hard because can,t really control the screen that well, it gets big or it gets too small
The touch screen was hard because controlling tge screen, it,s hard to get it to do what you want it to do
I feel rushed because because the doctor is always going to see the next patient. i am worried about the next patient, i dont know why
I feel rushed because i felt i could take all the time i wanted
it gives me a chance to report things i don,t usually think of like when i colored in the place where i have painand how intense that is
The computer was hard because first time user
I feel rushed because i think this way is less rushed. the patient has an opportunity to document their pain immediately. also it is more accurate, the data can be recorded at exact intervals
thorough
should be a tool to aid in diagnosis, particully prior to office visit or if patient does not feel well enough to travel for an office visit.
The computer was hard because the pointer was difficult to use with the programe.
I feel rushed because i thought it was easier way to communicate.
none
soetimes it was hard to concentrate and answers some of the pain questions.
The computer was hard because glare
Seeing the words was hard because glare
The computer was hard because no experince
The computer was hard because too time consuming,
I feel rushed because computer assist by daughter and caregiver and hospice research assistant
difficult for pt. assistance needed from cargiver  questions for caregiver should specify family or employed
The computer was hard because thecway it kept going on and off
The touch screen was hard because couldn't get it to work
I feel rushed because it wasent hard and i think its works out fine for us both
its a good way of sharing information about my pain.
its a good way to share information that you may not be able to talk about to anoher person such as  nurse or doctor
The computer was hard because Right questions sometime.
The touch screen was hard because Freezing
Some technical issues to the programe.
The computer was hard because Computer has a tendency to lock up . Sometime I have to start all over.
none
The computer was hard because too many questions to answer
depressing for me
The computer was hard because i never used one before
Have patiants write down user & password on a piece of paper, so that they dont forget it.  Have auto correct for spelling.
The computer was hard because the entire program.
The computer was hard because clarity of options  information requested  frequent lock up  not able to add or change the pain diagram screen and description
s
The instructions were hard because type or level of information requested
I feel rushed because because you have to type it out
The computer was hard because sometime it pickeced up the wrong words.
The computer was hard because freeze ups
The instructions were hard because pain reporting was tough because it is impossible to report all pain areas because of bone mets, just reporrted most recent
The touch screen was hard because don't like touch screens
more accurate location where i have pain in the pain assesment body image.
The computer was hard because never used a computer
The computer was hard because the internet connection
its hard for people that suffering pain to be completing the program.
the programe is good but a lot of times it freezes.
The computer was hard because everything
The computer was hard because i dont usually dont work on computers so it was very very hard at times
The instructions were hard because symbols and keyboard internet conection
i think it isagreat way for patients.
it was hard for me at times when i m in pain and could not finish.
The computer was hard because hard to hold it up, hard to use the stylus
too long and too many stupid questions- they don't make any sense to me- the questions are the same
very good
The instructions were hard because none
The touch screen was hard because none
none
no
I feel rushed because this program is good
sometimes i forgetv to tell the doctor or nuse but with the computer they will know when i go there
The computer was hard because Unfamiliar with tablet useage.
Seeing the words was hard because Print too small.
The computer was hard because changing screen size
 removing keyboard.
The computer was hard because when in pain cant answer questions
The computer was hard because it was difficult at times whem i m in pain.
it was a good way of reporting my pain at times.
The computer was hard because It didn't respond to my touch
The touch screen was hard because It didn't respond to my touch
I feel rushed because I could take my time
not So much redundancy and questions
I feel rushed because you don't forget anything this way so thst's good
well, in some ways it was annoying -
The computer was hard because does not always respond  needed more written instructions
The instructions were hard because could use more instructions
I feel rushed because too many questions
I feel rushed because can be more specific with own words and communicating with medical person
none
omputer stalled a lot  put next on same page   more written instructions
The computer was hard because hard to turn on and log on, answering questions was was hard
The touch screen was hard because fairly decent, could have been better
The touch screen was hard because sometimes yes, sometimes no
I feel rushed because it's a little different when you're pushing button you see, a computer is less personal than talking to s person
not everybody knows how to use a computer, youneed to have someone to sit and take down the answers
no
The computer was hard because some questions wording  confusing
 length too long
 requires too much concentration      n
ability to talk and read questions
The computer was hard because at first the typing was hard but i got used to it, the place where you gotta write down what medcine you take
I feel rushed because this way i feel more comfortable
do more research about cancer
none
multiple languages offererd
The computer was hard because not using as much
its easier to talk to the person instead the computer.
The touch screen was hard because the nurse had to enter my answers
I feel rushed because a lot of questions
The computer was hard because too sleepy to hold up computer
The computer was hard because none
none
The computer was hard because none
none
none
The computer was hard because the touching of the screen, connection problem.
The touch screen was hard because hit it too many times to make it work
no comments
none
The computer was hard because no
none
The computer was hard because patient was too sick to use the tablet - a friend helped her
none
The instructions were hard because i didn't know some of the words for talking about the pain
I feel rushed because i felt comfortable
it'll help a whole lot of people
The computer was hard because Dont know yet
None
The computer was hard because no experience with tablet
none
The computer was hard because none
none
The computer was hard because all the typing
The computer was hard because this subject was unable to use the computer on his own
The instructions were hard because so so, some of the questions
Seeing the words was hard because too small
no
none
I feel rushed because i get to take my time and tell how im feeling
i think that a sometimes or ocasionally button should be added.
The computer was hard because it was hard to color the picture in
The computer was hard because research nurse had to enter the information
The touch screen was hard because the screen moved
no
The computer was hard because the keyboard was very   Sensitive
The color could be better if ,red
I feel rushed because sometimes i dont, feel like they are really listening
The computer freezes alot and you just dontknow where to go next, i also think with older  adults the touch screen is really sensitive.
The computer was hard because Never used a computer
I feel rushed because I just dont. Cant really explain
None
Well in my case my wife types it all in I just answer questions.  She also knows more about my medication and when to take it. I the patient do not have any knowledge on computers. She said it was ok
The computer was hard because never used a  computer
none
The instructions were hard because instrcts not always clear
The instructions were hard because instuctions not clear
The computer was hard because Lack of knowledge
I would think this is the best avenue for communication if the person is goodcat the computer
The scale of 0 to 10 could be better. 5 is nit a moderate number
The computer was hard because the entries had to be hit 2 or 3 times to register. You could not leave in middle of answering and return to complete survey
The touch screen was hard because use cursor
The touch screen was hard because it changed directions from vert to horiz
I feel rushed because if ran out of time w computer could not always come back
yes the survey is good for research but needs to be shorter for practice
it should be used prior to medical appointments and when pain orpain meds need changing
The computer was hard because Because I can't use my hands that will they shake too hard
The touch screen was hard because I didn't use it someone else did it for me
I feel rushed because No it's about the same as telling the doctor
Right now I don't have any
great i loved it
The computer was hard because some questions are followedby a second question that shoild be ignored as first answer covers requirement.
I feel rushed because this method allwoed time to consider the questions and yet provide space to explain.
its a good thing for the  future folks.
The computer was hard because couldn,t hold tge computer
The instructions were hard because i forgot
The touch screen was hard because did not use tge touch screen
The computer was hard because Subject was very sleepy, requiring complete assistance
Seeing the words was hard because I needed glasses
Pay more-
The computer was hard because never used a computer
The computer was hard because my vision
The instructions were hard because some words were hard to understand
The instructions were hard because vision
larger print
The computer was hard because the internet connection was bad,
none
completing the program each day was a total nuisance
The computer was hard because Hard part was to do or say what i wanted to say like where the circle needed to be drawn on the picture.
The touch screen was hard because Freeze
Very effective
It was difficult at times to use this computer.
The computer was hard because i have a hard time seeing
I feel rushed because able to take my time
it was easy
The computer was hard because it was hard to understandvthe wording and it didn't want to react to my answers
The touch screen was hard because not responsive to my touch
I feel rushed because i feel comfortable answering the questions with the research nurse
no
i think the program is excellent
The computer was hard because Frustrating,  annoying
The computer was hard because hard to see it
The computer was hard because patient didn't feel up to it
no color
The touch screen was hard because i was eating lunch so i didn't
no
The computer was hard because The medication section of it was very difficult for me and my lack of concentration since the sickness is made it worse
The color could be better if The color should have been different then the colors on the answer spot
The instructions were hard because The medication part of it was really difficult for me
I feel rushed because I went up my own pace.
I think it's easier because I am allowed to put in my own words
The medication part in the colors on the program
The touch screen was hard because troble with the screen
The touch screen was hard because Senssitivy was an issue had to tap numerous times before it worked
N/a
The computer was hard because Not used to it
The computer was hard because i was confused sometimes so i had to ask for help
I feel rushed because i wanted to get it over with
none
more practice withbthe questiins
The computer was hard because i am not computer literate so i had to have alot of help to complete the survey.  Also,my hands are swollen so it is hard to hold a pen or even use my fingers
I feel rushed because i really did not feel very rushed but feel more comfortable using the phone and talking directly to the nurse
I think some patients will benefit if they have a caretaker to help or they are still able to function fairly normally
The instructions were hard because never use computer
The computer was hard because the keyboard
no
The computer was hard because unable to work the comouter
The touch screen was hard because i don't have much experience
no
no
The computer was hard because too many questions  redundancy
I feel rushed because its harder to talk
save the pain information, words, and medications.  it was really a hassle to type the same thing everday
The computer was hard because Not really hard
The computer was hard because never used a computer
none
no
The computer was hard because none
none
The computer was hard because The ability to how to use the computer
The computer was hard because computer would freeze..
none
needs more choices on some questions
The computer was hard because the subject used the tablet for identiying the location of the pain but was too weak to use it to answer the questions
The computer was hard because i couldn't do it, my daughter helped, i drew on the picture
I feel rushed because i think with the tablet it's a little better
ask howcdoes it feel when the nausea comes on
The computer was hard because i haven't been up to concentrating
i would like to see the results of this for other people and how they did with it
No just dont make it hard make it simple simple you can that's all
None
The computer was hard because I am computer illiterate
The computer was hard because clicking answers, staying awake
The touch screen was hard because clicking options
The computer was hard because The tablet computer was fairly easy to use but I'm not a computer person I don't have a computer so it was a little bit more difficult for someone like me but it was relatively easy for somebody that knows computers
Well I feel like this program is a good program for people who are my condition because if anything to help the pain in to get you buy is a good thing otherwise that's about all I have to say about it Ida can't hurt anything to try to do this program you can only help so I would recommend it thus far.
Well I think it was the whole computer well setup just found out it's a computer person but come I think ill program the ways it was set upis fine.
The touch screen was hard because The screen does not work all the time
When using computer it becomes too confusing for me to use.
The computer was hard because stylus was sometimes erratic, screen would sometimes enlarge for no reason, screen would occasionally freeze
The touch screen was hard because the stylus behaved erratically at times
I feel rushed because there is no time constraint
I feel rushed because can take more time and think about it more without any time pressure
i would rather talk to my nurse about my pain than to the computer because i m always in bed and do not use the computer and cant use the tablet even when  i am trained,its just hard to do in my situation.
none
The computer was hard because Maneuvering the screen
The computer was hard because Screencap moving even when I wasn't touching it log me out and totally said that I haven't done anything on it and there's like no reception only two bars most of the time
The instructions were hard because Using medical terms that I didn't understand and some of the words with the choices didn't make sense to
The touch screen was hard because Learning how to maneuver
The touch screen was hard because The screen cap moving even when I wasn't touching it would enlarge or get smaller or move off the screen
I feel rushed because I feel like the same either way
Used terms that are not clinical the people understand
The touch screen was hard because o
I feel rushed because On this question here if I feel rushed it doesn't matter it seems to me that the doctors that I see are usually on the computer anyway in hardly ever look at me so working with this particular tablet has seen to need to be a better way of communicating 100%.
I was very impressed with an ISO who was delivered this the laptop program to me the assessment program and I feel like something like this year in the future will be used by everyone so I'm very impressed even though I'm not familiar with it as I explained it to me in a clear and the defining the way so I'm very happy to give this a try and hope that I do it correctly and thank her very much for help and thank you very much for sending it with her.
The computer was hard because it's easier for the nurse to do it for me
it's okay
make thecwords bigger
The computer was hard because typing andtoo many questions
The touch screen was hard because it gets stuck
The touch screen was hard because it gets stuck
the program is hard because i dont work on computers and at times i m tired and sick.
The computer was hard because It was easy to sign and to draw the pain but my hand is too stiff to do any more so the nurse and my dauggter finished-
the way the questions are asked could be mas claro
The instructions were hard because some were hard no experiencecwith the computer
The touch screen was hard because gets stuck sometimes
The computer was hard because too tired
The instructions were hard because some questions were hard to understand
The computer was hard because didn't know how to use this touch screen
good assement, new things i learned about pain
The computer was hard because the touch screen
The touch screen was hard because its a drag
The touch screen was hard because too sensitive or not sensitive at all
stronger battery and better connection shorten the amount of questions
the computer is very difficult for me to do because i dont work on tablet.unless my family is there to help.
The computer was hard because i have never used a computer
its a good program.
The computer was hard because never used a computer
the program would help patients.
very easy to use
The computer was hard because slow keystroke, moving to next page slow
I feel rushed because the quesion are clear and easy
I feel rushed because quicker to talk to doctor
this is eay to use
this might be difficult for a hospice patient or someone in pain to assess daily.
The computer was hard because coordination, eyesight
The touch screen was hard because coordination
Seeing the words was hard because smaller text, zooms too easily
I feel rushed because no i did not
i am not computer savy and may not feel comfortable using this kind of technonlogy to report my pain or discomfort
The touch screen was hard because hard
no
The computer was hard because to long
To futher study pain and treatment is good to know how patient feel to better pain control
The computer was hard because never used computer
The touch screen was hard because yes
no
The computer was hard because too sensitive
The touch screen was hard because doesnt work well
The computer was hard because beccause of thevpain and dont want to be bothered with all of this.
The computer was hard because Not used to computers
Seeing the words was hard because a little small
The computer was hard because its hard because you never used a computer..
The computer was hard because it would be hard to use
none
no
more doctors should let there patients know about this program
The computer was hard because just unfamiliar with the program
none
longer to do the program would be a good idea. the reason is my pain pattern may change from week to week so may help if I  keep it more than a week.
The computer was hard because not at all
no comments at this time
its agoodidea to have.
I feel rushed because pretty much the same
I enjoyed this way
The computer was hard because touchscreen didnt work well
Seeing the words was hard because a little small
I feel rushed because it took too long
The instructions were hard because confusing  had to read twice
I feel rushed because impersonal  no feedback
The computer was hard because in progrm it would lock it and had to go back and redo it
Make it easier to save data.
The touch screen was hard because screen gets stuck sometime
The computer was hard because the language wasn't always clear
The touch screen was hard because touch screen inconsistent
The touch screen was hard because didn't always work
Seeing the words was hard because sometimes too small
I really enjoyed the videos, everyone should have them.
The computer was hard because nevet used computers
The instructions were hard because hard to read
The computer was hard because i always need assistance, didn't trust my skills
The instructions were hard because don't know, my eye sight isn't good
Seeing the words was hard because i had to have them enlarged
when  you have pain and dwell on it than you get sick and if you dont than you wont feel it.
The computer was hard because because Im not familiar with the computer
The instructions were hard because with help from researcher
Seeing the words was hard because the words could have been bigger
The computer was hard because i have never used the computer
The computer was hard because it did not respond at times. ended up starting over
The instructions were hard because some times not clear if related to illness or not
it would be good to ask especific questions, and not just answer the same thing over and over
The touch screen was hard because gets freezednsometime
no
no
The computer was hard because need more information about cancer
The instructions were hard because freezes the screen
The touch screen was hard because freezes the screen
I feel rushed because i found it better on the tablet
keep up the good work
The computer was hard because it was harder to use when I wasnt feeling good
too dull, could be brighter
The color could be better if it was ok
Seeing the words was hard because could be bigger
this is good because I feel like I actually have time.  my doctor doesnt have enough time with me.
The computer was hard because never worked on computers
The computer was hard because hands are not steady enough. my caretaker has to help me
I feel rushed because too many questions and i m tired and exausted
The computer was hard because I can not seem to focus on the screen use my fingers to type anything I have my Niece to answer this questions for me
The color could be better if I rather look a screen I never used a computer in my life
The touch screen was hard because I have no idea the light to right for me to use
Seeing the words was hard because Nothing was easy about using a computer I know nothing about
I feel rushed because i was able to think about my pain and really assess it.
None
i was please to participate and the RA was very helpful and pleasent.
none
its a good program to report the pain and its nature.
none
i see this is a good program for patients with pain to report their pain to their nurse or a doctor.
I feel rushed because i could think slowly
I feel rushed because more time to relect on what is taking place
maybe add  a section for patient to log in a complete picture of meds and times taking them
faster internet service,sometimes it slows down and stuck.
Its a good progrm to share your pain info with the doctors or nures. The way it was explained to me by the research assistant was very good.
This way of describing your pain makes you better understand your pain.
none
the program was able to let me report my pain.
I feel rushed because i fouhd it about the same
none
all people can  use computers
The touch screen was hard because moderately was ok had problems
none
daily frequencies of reporting daily data was a constant reminder of pain and i dont like to be reminded.
none.
none
it was great working with Anna and good program for hospice.
I feel rushed because computer more self paced... less rushed
I feel rushed because any computer input is difficult or feel pressured
none
The touch screen was hard because not used to it
the only problem i had was i couldnt tell them how many pills
I feel rushed because Im very comfortable speaking to my nurse about my pain or any medical changes
Great program and Very pleasant staff.
I feel rushed because I didn't feel rushed at all
I feel rushed because you can take all the time youneed
I think is a very easy way to express yourself and also communicate to the doctor your issues about your health. when just an office visit may not be sufficient.
none
I feel rushed because same
none
none
good way for people to reprt their pain.
My grandfather on my dad's side had cancer, by it wasn't an option when filling out the form.
none
it's a good program you're working with, keep up the good work!
I feel rushed because i  didn't feel rushed.
It's a good project
i think that is a great program and it for everyone's good
N/A
Somevofvtge questions should be broken down into two or more questions as a single questions now
I feel rushed because I could take my time using the computer to really think about the way I felt
It is much easier to do to use this computer than it is to have to sit on the phone and wait for the doctor on nurse to call you back
none
the microphone is a good thing
none
None
Keep it going
None
I feel rushed because i dont think it was rush by using this tabley
none
I feel rushed because rather talk
none
none
veryhelpful when you are in painthand hard to put the data in.
I feel rushed because same
I feel rushed because i do not feel rushed at all
timing
none
I feel rushed because No problem either way
no, i did better than i thought
none
none
I feel rushed because I found this easier
I feel rushed because No it was easier explaining my pain through the computer then telling the nurse face to face
I thought using the computer was great
I think that the nurses will get a better idea of what kind of pain in the end by reading my computer rather than listen to me
Do it after the first visit in hospice
I feel rushed because Sometimes because it needs to be completed daily.
The instructions were hard because some quesruons were hard to answer because options didn't fit
The touch screen was hard because sometimes finger worked, sometimes stylus worked... didnt like having to use both
always have option available other than "yes" or "no"
not right now
blue
I feel rushed because I would rather speak to a person.  I would not like to manage my pain in this way.
I feel rushed because because i choose the time when inanswer the question
i liked that you were able to show pain in the front and the back, usually you just show the front// using the stylus is easier than usingbyour finger//
I feel rushed because this worked for me i didn't haveproblem
shorter questionnaire
i think this works if you are not in pain and fill up to taking this. i don't think too many older seniors will want to do this study, especially if they don't work on computers.
The touch screen was hard because touch screen was too sensitive
I feel rushed because no comments
i recomend that its a good program to have to patience with yourself and others
The color could be better if blue
like the idea
enjoyedthis version of pain
I'm glad to see people digging into a way to make pain control better
none