we could not make the arrow to go where it needed to go.can,t really control the screen that well, it gets big or it gets too smallcontrolling tge screen, it,s hard to get it to do what you want it to dobecause the doctor is always going to see the next patient. i am worried about the next patient, i dont know whyi felt i could take all the time i wantedit gives me a chance to report things i don,t usually think of like when i colored in the place where i have painand how intense that is
first time useri think this way is less rushed. the patient has an opportunity to document their pain immediately. also it is more accurate, the data can be recorded at exact intervalsthoroughshould be a tool to aid in diagnosis, particully prior to office visit or if patient does not feel well enough to travel for an office visit.
the pointer was difficult to use with the programe.i thought it was easier way to communicate.nonesoetimes it was hard to concentrate and answers some of the pain questions.
glareglare
no experincetoo time consuming,computer assist by daughter and caregiver and hospice research assistantdifficult for pt. assistance needed from cargiver  questions for caregiver should specify family or employed
thecway it kept going on and offcouldn't get it to work
it wasent hard and i think its works out fine for us bothits a good way of sharing information about my pain.its a good way to share information that you may not be able to talk about to anoher person such as  nurse or doctor
Right questions sometime.FreezingSome technical issues to the programe.
Computer has a tendency to lock up . Sometime I have to start all over.none
too many questions to answerdepressing for me
i never used one before
Have patiants write down user & password on a piece of paper, so that they dont forget it.  Have auto correct for spelling.
the entire program.
clarity of options  information requested  frequent lock up  not able to add or change the pain diagram screen and descriptiontype or level of information requestedbecause you have to type it out
sometime it pickeced up the wrong words.freeze upspain reporting was tough because it is impossible to report all pain areas because of bone mets, just reporrted most recentdon't like touch screensmore accurate location where i have pain in the pain assesment body image.
never used a computerthe internet connectionits hard for people that suffering pain to be completing the program.the programe is good but a lot of times it freezes.
everythingi dont usually dont work on computers so it was very very hard at timessymbols and keyboard internet conectioni think it isagreat way for patients.it was hard for me at times when i m in pain and could not finish.
hard to hold it up, hard to use the stylustoo long and too many stupid questions- they don't make any sense to me- the questions are the samevery good
none
none
none
no
this program is good
sometimes i forgetv to tell the doctor or nuse but with the computer they will know when i go there
Unfamiliar with tablet useage.
Print too small.
changing screen size
 removing keyboard.
when in pain cant answer questions
it was difficult at times whem i m in pain.
it was a good way of reporting my pain at times.
It didn't respond to my touch
It didn't respond to my touch
I could take my time
not So much redundancy and questions
you don't forget anything this way so thst's good
well, in some ways it was annoying -
does not always respond  needed more written instructions
could use more instructions
too many questions
can be more specific with own words and communicating with medical person
none
omputer stalled a lot  put next on same page   more written instructions
hard to turn on and log on, answering questions was was hard
fairly decent, could have been better
sometimes yes, sometimes no
it's a little different when you're pushing button you see, a computer is less personal than talking to s person
not everybody knows how to use a computer, youneed to have someone to sit and take down the answers
no
some questions wording  confusing
 length too long
 requires too much concentration      n
ability to talk and read questions
at first the typing was hard but i got used to it, the place where you gotta write down what medcine you take
this way i feel more comfortable
do more research about cancer
none
multiple languages offererd
not using as much
its easier to talk to the person instead the computer.
the nurse had to enter my answers
a lot of questions
too sleepy to hold up computer
none
none
none
none
none
the touching of the screen, connection problem.
hit it too many times to make it work
no comments
none
no
none
patient was too sick to use the tablet - a friend helped her
none
i didn't know some of the words for talking about the pain
i felt comfortable
it'll help a whole lot of people
Dont know yet
None
no experience with tablet
none
none
none
all the typing
this subject was unable to use the computer on his own
so so, some of the questions
too small
no
none
i get to take my time and tell how im feeling
i think that a sometimes or ocasionally button should be added.
it was hard to color the picture in
research nurse had to enter the information
the screen moved
no
the keyboard was very   Sensitive
,red
sometimes i dont, feel like they are really listening
The computer freezes alot and you just dontknow where to go next, i also think with older  adults the touch screen is really sensitive.
Never used a computer
I just dont. Cant really explain
None
Well in my case my wife types it all in I just answer questions.  She also knows more about my medication and when to take it. I the patient do not have any knowledge on computers. She said it was ok
never used a  computer
none
instrcts not always clear
instuctions not clear
Lack of knowledge
I would think this is the best avenue for communication if the person is goodcat the computer
The scale of 0 to 10 could be better. 5 is nit a moderate number
the entries had to be hit 2 or 3 times to register. You could not leave in middle of answering and return to complete survey
use cursor
it changed directions from vert to horiz
if ran out of time w computer could not always come back
yes the survey is good for research but needs to be shorter for practice
it should be used prior to medical appointments and when pain orpain meds need changing
Because I can't use my hands that will they shake too hard
I didn't use it someone else did it for me
No it's about the same as telling the doctor
Right now I don't have any
great i loved it
some questions are followedby a second question that shoild be ignored as first answer covers requirement.
this method allwoed time to consider the questions and yet provide space to explain.
its a good thing for the  future folks.
couldn,t hold tge computer
i forgot
did not use tge touch screen
Subject was very sleepy, requiring complete assistance
I needed glasses
Pay more-
never used a computer
my vision
some words were hard to understand
vision
larger print
the internet connection was bad,
none
completing the program each day was a total nuisance
Hard part was to do or say what i wanted to say like where the circle needed to be drawn on the picture.
Freeze
Very effective
It was difficult at times to use this computer.
i have a hard time seeing
able to take my time
it was easy
it was hard to understandvthe wording and it didn't want to react to my answers
not responsive to my touch
i feel comfortable answering the questions with the research nurse
no
i think the program is excellent
Frustrating,  annoying
hard to see it
patient didn't feel up to it
no color
i was eating lunch so i didn't
no
The medication section of it was very difficult for me and my lack of concentration since the sickness is made it worse
The color should have been different then the colors on the answer spot
The medication part of it was really difficult for me
I went up my own pace.
I think it's easier because I am allowed to put in my own words
The medication part in the colors on the program
troble with the screen
Senssitivy was an issue had to tap numerous times before it worked
N/a
Not used to it
i was confused sometimes so i had to ask for help
i wanted to get it over with
none
more practice withbthe questiins
i am not computer literate so i had to have alot of help to complete the survey.  Also,my hands are swollen so it is hard to hold a pen or even use my fingers
i really did not feel very rushed but feel more comfortable using the phone and talking directly to the nurse
I think some patients will benefit if they have a caretaker to help or they are still able to function fairly normally
never use computer
the keyboard
no
unable to work the comouter
i don't have much experience
no
no
too many questions  redundancy
its harder to talk
save the pain information, words, and medications.  it was really a hassle to type the same thing everday
Not really hard
never used a computer
none
no
none
none
The ability to how to use the computer
computer would freeze..
none
needs more choices on some questions
the subject used the tablet for identiying the location of the pain but was too weak to use it to answer the questions
i couldn't do it, my daughter helped, i drew on the picture
i think with the tablet it's a little better
ask howcdoes it feel when the nausea comes on
i haven't been up to concentrating
i would like to see the results of this for other people and how they did with it
No just dont make it hard make it simple simple you can that's all
None
I am computer illiterate
clicking answers, staying awake
clicking options
The tablet computer was fairly easy to use but I'm not a computer person I don't have a computer so it was a little bit more difficult for someone like me but it was relatively easy for somebody that knows computers
Well I feel like this program is a good program for people who are my condition because if anything to help the pain in to get you buy is a good thing otherwise that's about all I have to say about it Ida can't hurt anything to try to do this program you can only help so I would recommend it thus far.
Well I think it was the whole computer well setup just found out it's a computer person but come I think ill program the ways it was set upis fine.
The screen does not work all the time
When using computer it becomes too confusing for me to use.
stylus was sometimes erratic, screen would sometimes enlarge for no reason, screen would occasionally freeze
the stylus behaved erratically at times
there is no time constraint
can take more time and think about it more without any time pressure
i would rather talk to my nurse about my pain than to the computer because i m always in bed and do not use the computer and cant use the tablet even when  i am trained,its just hard to do in my situation.
none
Maneuvering the screen
Screencap moving even when I wasn't touching it log me out and totally said that I haven't done anything on it and there's like no reception only two bars most of the time
Using medical terms that I didn't understand and some of the words with the choices didn't make sense to
Learning how to maneuver
The screen cap moving even when I wasn't touching it would enlarge or get smaller or move off the screen
I feel like the same either way
Used terms that are not clinical the people understand
On this question here if I feel rushed it doesn't matter it seems to me that the doctors that I see are usually on the computer anyway in hardly ever look at me so working with this particular tablet has seen to need to be a better way of communicating 100%.
I was very impressed with an ISO who was delivered this the laptop program to me the assessment program and I feel like something like this year in the future will be used by everyone so I'm very impressed even though I'm not familiar with it as I explained it to me in a clear and the defining the way so I'm very happy to give this a try and hope that I do it correctly and thank her very much for help and thank you very much for sending it with her.
it's easier for the nurse to do it for me
it's okay
o
make thecwords bigger
typing andtoo many questions
it gets stuck
it gets stuck
the program is hard because i dont work on computers and at times i m tired and sick.
It was easy to sign and to draw the pain but my hand is too stiff to do any more so the nurse and my dauggter finished-
the way the questions are asked could be mas claro
some were hard no experiencecwith the computer
gets stuck sometimes
too tired
some questions were hard to understand
didn't know how to use this touch screen
good assement, new things i learned about pain
the touch screen
its a drag
too sensitive or not sensitive at all
stronger battery and better connection shorten the amount of questions
the computer is very difficult for me to do because i dont work on tablet.unless my family is there to help.
i have never used a computer
its a good program.
never used a computer
the program would help patients.
very easy to use
slow keystroke, moving to next page slow
the quesion are clear and easy
quicker to talk to doctor
this is eay to use
this might be difficult for a hospice patient or someone in pain to assess daily.
coordination, eyesight
coordination
smaller text, zooms too easily
no i did not
i am not computer savy and may not feel comfortable using this kind of technonlogy to report my pain or discomfort
hard
no
to long
To futher study pain and treatment is good to know how patient feel to better pain control
never used computer
yes
no
too sensitive
doesnt work well
beccause of thevpain and dont want to be bothered with all of this.
Not used to computers
a little small
its hard because you never used a computer..
it would be hard to use
none
no
more doctors should let there patients know about this program
just unfamiliar with the program
none
longer to do the program would be a good idea. the reason is my pain pattern may change from week to week so may help if I  keep it more than a week.
not at all
no comments at this time
its agoodidea to have.
pretty much the same
I enjoyed this way
touchscreen didnt work well
a little small
it took too long
confusing  had to read twice
impersonal  no feedback
in progrm it would lock it and had to go back and redo it
Make it easier to save data.
screen gets stuck sometime
the language wasn't always clear
touch screen inconsistent
didn't always work
sometimes too small
I really enjoyed the videos, everyone should have them.
nevet used computers
hard to read
i always need assistance, didn't trust my skills
don't know, my eye sight isn't good
i had to have them enlarged
when  you have pain and dwell on it than you get sick and if you dont than you wont feel it.
because Im not familiar with the computer
with help from researcher
the words could have been bigger
i have never used the computer
it did not respond at times. ended up starting over
some times not clear if related to illness or not
it would be good to ask especific questions, and not just answer the same thing over and over
gets freezednsometime
no
no
need more information about cancer
freezes the screen
freezes the screen
i found it better on the tablet
keep up the good work
it was harder to use when I wasnt feeling good
too dull, could be brighter
it was ok
could be bigger
this is good because I feel like I actually have time.  my doctor doesnt have enough time with me.
never worked on computers
hands are not steady enough. my caretaker has to help me
too many questions and i m tired and exausted
I can not seem to focus on the screen use my fingers to type anything I have my Niece to answer this questions for me
I rather look a screen I never used a computer in my life
I have no idea the light to right for me to use
Nothing was easy about using a computer I know nothing about
i was able to think about my pain and really assess it.
None
i was please to participate and the RA was very helpful and pleasent.
none
its a good program to report the pain and its nature.
none
i see this is a good program for patients with pain to report their pain to their nurse or a doctor.
i could think slowly
more time to relect on what is taking place
maybe add  a section for patient to log in a complete picture of meds and times taking them
faster internet service,sometimes it slows down and stuck.
Its a good progrm to share your pain info with the doctors or nures. The way it was explained to me by the research assistant was very good.
This way of describing your pain makes you better understand your pain.
none
the program was able to let me report my pain.
i fouhd it about the same
none
all people can  use computers
moderately was ok had problems
none
daily frequencies of reporting daily data was a constant reminder of pain and i dont like to be reminded.
none.
none
it was great working with Anna and good program for hospice.
computer more self paced... less rushed
any computer input is difficult or feel pressured
none
not used to it
the only problem i had was i couldnt tell them how many pills
Im very comfortable speaking to my nurse about my pain or any medical changes
Great program and Very pleasant staff.
I didn't feel rushed at all
you can take all the time youneed
I think is a very easy way to express yourself and also communicate to the doctor your issues about your health. when just an office visit may not be sufficient.
none
same
none
none
good way for people to reprt their pain.
My grandfather on my dad's side had cancer, by it wasn't an option when filling out the form.
none
it's a good program you're working with, keep up the good work!
i  didn't feel rushed.
It's a good project
i think that is a great program and it for everyone's good
N/A
Somevofvtge questions should be broken down into two or more questions as a single questions now
I could take my time using the computer to really think about the way I felt
It is much easier to do to use this computer than it is to have to sit on the phone and wait for the doctor on nurse to call you back
none
the microphone is a good thing
none
None
Keep it going
None
i dont think it was rush by using this tabley
none
rather talk
none
none
veryhelpful when you are in painthand hard to put the data in.
same
i do not feel rushed at all
timing
none
No problem either way
no, i did better than i thought
none
none
I found this easier
No it was easier explaining my pain through the computer then telling the nurse face to face
I thought using the computer was great
I think that the nurses will get a better idea of what kind of pain in the end by reading my computer rather than listen to me
Do it after the first visit in hospice
Sometimes because it needs to be completed daily.
some quesruons were hard to answer because options didn't fit
sometimes finger worked, sometimes stylus worked... didnt like having to use both
always have option available other than "yes" or "no"
not right now
blue
I would rather speak to a person.  I would not like to manage my pain in this way.
because i choose the time when inanswer the question
i liked that you were able to show pain in the front and the back, usually you just show the front// using the stylus is easier than usingbyour finger//
this worked for me i didn't haveproblem
shorter questionnaire
i think this works if you are not in pain and fill up to taking this. i don't think too many older seniors will want to do this study, especially if they don't work on computers.
touch screen was too sensitive
no comments
i recomend that its a good program to have to patience with yourself and others
blue
like the idea
enjoyedthis version of pain
I'm glad to see people digging into a way to make pain control better
none