should be more eduction about medicine and side effects and form a group therapy
the program should give advice to cancer patients like recipes to help with their pain
need to specify or define more clearly for questions asked.
its very to myself and others that have pain. so we can know hiw to manage it better
it wasnt a problem
program disapeared or timed out the last 2 days. we created to many areas of pain causings to many colors to analize
It is too difficult and confusing to use.
needs to be shorter for the patient. great questions but too many especially for those with pain issues.
I feel that for patients that have different types of pain in multiple areas of the body there should have been a question(s) asking the patient which area hurts the most and which area hurts the least.
it' a good program all hospice patients should use this program
this should be knownto everyone who are going through pain
questons were a little confusing.
i think this will help patient with pain to be record.
Easy
i think its a good program
I think its a good idea.
its a good program.
the instructors were nice to me in teaching us how to use the computer
have this in spanish
sometimes i wish the answers could include (sometimes), not just a yes or no.
difficult for non computer literate older patients. when you draw where the pain is, the names of the area don,t always reflect what you intend. for example, we had great difficulty in getting the hip identified.
great idea
so far so good
very good so far
Me gusto me parece algo interesante pero para la persona con dolor si es estresante contestar demaciada pregunta.
este programa nos hayuda aconocer el sufrimiento del enfermo y asi poder ayudarlo
i think its abetter way to manage better the painand its good way to comunicate with nurse.thank you for having this great idea thank you very much.
its very reasuring by knowing how to manage the pain and knowing the level of pain to help ease the with medi ation the is better with medication.thankyou i learn alot i thank you once agian.
i hope my participation will help others.
Great program and very pleasant staff.
Use Microsoft Surface tablets there a lot easier to use because it comes with a keyboard that lights up and the voice to text feat. should be explained
My first suggestion is to use a Microsoft Surface tablet because it has a stylus pen has a magnet has conveniently attached to the side of the computer my second suggestion is to automatically populate the medication as it would be impossible for a patient in pain to have to go through and enter the exact milligrams and the exact medication on a daily basis it would be a lot easier if the medication was already there and they could just change the dose or delete the medication if needed enter enter it every single day
it was just ok
depends on how ill the patient is can be confusinf if patient does not have experience with tablets
There should always be someone around to help out with the survey, especially the elderly.
para mi fue ecxelente fue algo nuevo.
THE SPEED OF THEANSWERS CHANGING COULD BE FASTER
keep up the good work!
Yes my comments about the pain assessment I think that it's a good program and I think that using the program at a given time of pain would help the patient be able to make comments and suggestions a lot faster than waiting to see the doctor or the nurse thank you
I think that it's much quicker as far as communicating with the nurse or hospital. It saves time and perhaps has feedback for the patient, lessens waiting time.
I personally feel that the system is helpful as well as clear and concise, therefore I wouldn't change anything
No it wasn't hard help was there when I needed it
It was alot of question and understanding things
it was easy and could be good to help people be more self aware and be able to asess their pain
esto es bueno para un futuro mejor
todas las personas deven de usar este programa
si para que aprenda mas del.
i think its a good system to use during hospice
a sometimes or other button
Very interesting
No comments at all, assessment was fine.
I believe anyone who can do this on this with the capability should do this. There should be a written, brail and audio version.
no suggestions. it should be available to everyone
Love it wish we had this to do with all pain but anyone that is on this program
I noticed that the screen is too sensitive for some patients. My husband'S hands are shaky.
like it very much
This computer program helps patients understand their situation.it puts everybody at the same page the doctors and the nurses.
Continue using
Computer freezes sometime
this should be available to all who have the capacity and ability - the connection needs to be better - the scale could be more visual with happy faces and sad faces, something visual to keep people focused and add a little lightness to the activity -
Make it more user friendly by non freezing screens
i really thinkthat this is a great way to help patients
I thought the computer was fun and pretty easy for me
It is easy to use and think it can easily be used by even the less experienced user
I think this would only be helpful if the patient has a caregiver that can help each day
better stylus
I believe this is a wonderful program for cancer research. plus it gives the patient something to do for a distraction, and lets them know some one cares about them enough to want to know how this disease makes them feel, or what there pain level is.
i thought this was a great program, and it is distracting to those who are home and cant get out. plus it lets the patients know there is a study out there, that will help better understand how patients feel.
the questions were too long and redundant it should save tge information like medicines, pain spots, and words to pick
to many pain descriptions can be confusing
I feel that maybe the signal should be stronger so that the program can be assessed easily and that there is no long pause when answering or going to the next section or question.
Voice control would be really great just in case you're in too much pain to write. Also for the computer to talk back to you and understand you when you answer it verbally
I think this is an important feature. All should be allowed.
very easy nothing to approve
only complaint would be concerning the stylus
the program is a goood to help the patients.
I think as overwhelmingly as it seems in the begining trying to adjust tothis whole Holspice would be great because thiscould raise the pain management awareness
esta bien
It is another stepin the right direction. Keep up the good work.
it is a good program,i am sure it help the patient to explain their feelings better.
I think this system is great it give the paitent, and caregivers better communication skill. That we can then share with the nurse, and doctor.
This is a good program but I do think that the caregiver should be able to answer the same questions that the patient has. Example; my aunt doesn't always tell the truth about whats going on with her, and I know what she is going through. I would like to be able to put in what I see also.
the computer gets stuck ,the stylus was problem and sometime with finger cant press the questions and it might not work.
Yes, if the peason has some computer knowledge.
Make good use out of it0
good
I had some trouble with making the right selection due to touch screen sensitivity.
Pain should be measured everyday to see if the patient has intensity pain or less pain. By measuring enables the nurse to acess the amount of pain the patient is experiencing.
it helps the nurse see how much pain the patient has on daily basics
i think that this is great thing for patiences to have this program
its gud they can learn about pain control
The program froze a couple of times and I was unable to complete the assessment. It also would not be log in on Wednesday or Thursday.
i would prefer this program
its goodprogram and i think it should be available to all people in hospice.
i think its very good, because sometime the patient is more comfy with their caregiver
wonderful program
this program is helpful
My dad could not stay focused on the questions or answers. He would never have been able to answer the questions on his own. The questions were too long and the time it took to complete it everyday was cumbersome and not very realistic for a family in a hospice situation who are already over-taxed. I am accustomed to reading research instruments and I felt this one was very poorly designed.
larger print
i prefer human communication
You don't necessarily need to use the screen or take the time to use a screen to express what you're thinking so probably I don't need the computer
its good program for patients to have
It was something very different. Its very good for to keep up with patients pain, especially those that's going through cancer. Some of them are in constant pain.
i think this is an excellent program having the nurse being able to communicate in a sence through the dives being considered for future use.
i think there should be emotional and stress questions
this should be made more public
give un complicated methods for usage, and timetables for doses
stylus and it is kind of very sensitive screen.
I believe that people with pain really dont need to be disturbed with various movement that will inflict pain on them.
es muy excelente este programa
Make is easier to save data.
i think its a great tool for the other people for the study
when pt is tired and exhausted cant do the program
maybe paper survey will be easier
Assistance should always be available
may be a next / done button next to the options to mae it easier to complete