not too familiarwith technology
should be more eduction about medicine and side effects and form a group therapy
the program should give advice to cancer patients like recipes to help with their pain
pointer sometimes did not respond well with screen program.
none
need to specify or define more clearly for questions asked.
understanding questions
it wasnt a problem
did not know the porcedure to enter answers from computer. we thought we had to write answers with the stylius
we should have reviewed the printed sheet more
took multiple strikes to register fairly often
program disapeared or timed out the last 2 days. we created to many areas of pain causings to many colors to analize
XDA computer locks up and I have to try various things to get it to work again. Sometimes I even have to start over again . That's what you get to be quite aggravating.
What instructions?
Don't have any at the present.
It is too difficult and confusing to use.
it' a good program all hospice patients should use this program
this should be  knownto everyone who are going through pain
questons were a little confusing.
Easy
learning how to use a computer.
its a good program.
the instructors were nice to me in teaching us how to use the computer
it confused me
i don't have the mentality for the computer,
the nurse used it for me
have this in spanish
none
Stylus was not registering, screen was hanging when I hit next.
computer would freeze from time to time
it was unclear whether pain was to be reported for that day or when itoccurred at any time. It would have been unworkable to report all pain locations for someone with metastatic bone disease.
Not registering taps on "next".
I dislike touch screens in general.
Next did NOT work well for me
sometimes i wish the answers could include (sometimes), not just a yes or no.
great idea
na
it was difficult doing the tablet
none
none
it was not hard to use this computer
none
im used to an ipad
im used to ipad which i find easier to use
not used to pwn input
hard to get used to
Use Microsoft Surface tablets there a lot easier to use because it comes with a keyboard that lights up and the voice to text feat. should be explained
My first suggestion is to use a Microsoft Surface tablet because it has a stylus pen has a magnet has conveniently attached to the side of the computer my second suggestion is to automatically populate the medication as it would be impossible for a patient in pain to have to go through and enter the exact milligrams and the exact medication on a daily basis it would be a lot easier if the medication was already there and they could just change the dose or delete the medication if needed enter enter it every single day
some questions
it was just ok
sometimes did not respond    more written info about glitches
more detailes written as in what to do if one makes an error or is stuck
none
depends on how ill the patient is  can be confusinf if patient does not have experience with tablets
trying to navigate. could not get the stylus out, and once out could not get it to always select the field I was attempting to hit.
blue
somewhat I've never been on a computer
how the digrams were suppose to be selected, how to navigate
without the stlyus, had to use my fingers
no
There should always be someone around to help out with the survey, especially the elderly.
knowing what to next
THE ASWER WOULD NOT CHANGE
none
THE SPEED OF THEANSWERS CHANGING COULD BE FASTER
i m old and cant do much
question could be clearer in meaning
none
not knowing what too expect
the anxiety of it is the part that is hard, not knowing if you are doing it right or wrong
Yes my comments about the pain assessment I think that it's a good program and I think that using the program at a given time of pain would help the patient be able to make comments and suggestions a lot faster than waiting to see the doctor or the nurse thank you
I think that it's much quicker as far as communicating with the nurse or hospital. It saves time and perhaps has feedback for the patient, lessens waiting time.
Hey shop juicy no wasn't hard if you knew what you were doing No
No it wasn't hard help was there when I needed it
touch screen
touch screen procedure
send me a mouse
none
does not want to respond to touch.have to hit several times to move to next screen. might be my brick building
had to hit the screen way to many times for it to respond
None
because i never used it
Not really
too much scrolling
pen wasnt responsive at times
too heavy handed
no suggestions. it should be available to everyone
the final question in a series does not have a place to type "next" so you need to guess where to click.  clicking "main menu" leaves you unsure that your selection was cast.
see earlier comment
writing is too small
too small
I dont understand n not much experience with the tablet.
None
Would like to see remaining power available in a % form.
This computer program helps patients understand their situation.it puts everybody at the same page the doctors and the nurses.
somtimes its confusing
none
red
it was the fact that it was difficult to stay in the program
 the connection kept getting lost
this should be available to all who have the capacity and ability -     the connection needs to be better - the scale could be more visual with happy faces and sad faces, something visual to keep people focused and add a little lightness to the activity -
Getting from screens to screen and the drawing was confusing with thescreen we were on
The drawing of the pain points due to freezing screen
Had a hard time with tablet freezing
Make it more user friendly by non freezing screens
because i dont know how to use one
nonresponsive touch screen
 sometimes slow
Nonresponsive sometime
nonresponsive
trying to open it
it freezes up
Touch screen didnt always respond
Didnt respond
Sensitivity was an issue none responsive
N/a
trouble connecting at times
better stylus
it was difficult to push the next button using the stylus
the stylus was difficult to use  the buttons dont always work
the stylus didnt always work to go to the next question
the stylus, the buttons
the questions were too long and redundant  it should save tge information like medicines, pain spots, and words to pick
never used computers
none
None
No suggestion
going back and forth just getting use to it  but very easy
Its hard
very easy nothing to approve
None
stylus was slow and somewhat erratic.not always responsive
stylus was alittle tricky
only complaint would be concerning the stylus
It jumps around too much
It jumps around too much
the program is a goood to help the patients.
It is another stepin the right direction. Keep up the good work.
it is a good program,i am sure it help the patient to explain their feelings better.
the computer gets stuck,the application does not work sometimes
none
the computer gets stuck ,the stylus was problem and sometime with finger cant press the questions and it might not work.
the touch
it was not hard but to be familiar with it takes times.
i would prefer this program
its goodprogram and i think it should be available to all people in hospice.
very bad connection
occasional unresponsiveness
larger print
because of the touch screen very sensitive and tend to touch too hard
i prefer human communication
You don't necessarily need to use the screen or take the time to use a screen to express what you're thinking so probably I don't need the computer
a littlebit
none
touch SCREEN NOT WOPRKING PROPERLY
kept skipping
I believe that people with pain really dont need to be disturbed with various movement that will inflict pain on them.
first timeusing this type of machine.
for me it wasjust getting used to it as i am not verysavy.
no  ssuggestions
had to sometimes read it twice to get the point
sometimes
sometimes
sometimes
i think its a great tool for the other people for the study
when pt is tired and exhausted cant do the program
trying to tap on the answer
tapping
maybe paper survey will be easier
well since i never used it.
its difficult to say right now.
screen freeze
freezes
getting use
none
its very to myself and others that have pain. so we can know hiw to manage it better
needs to be shorter for the patient. great questions but too many especially for those with pain issues.
I feel that for patients that have different types of pain in multiple areas of the body there should have been a question(s) asking the patient which area hurts the most and which area hurts the least.
i think this will help patient with pain to be record.
i think its  a good program
I think its a good idea.
none
none at this time
difficult for non computer literate older patients.  when you draw where the pain is, the names of the area don,t always reflect what you intend.  for example, we had great difficulty in getting the hip identified.
so far so good
very good so far
None at present
none at present
i think its abetter way to manage better the painand its good way to comunicate with nurse.thank you for having this great idea thank you very much.
its very reasuring by knowing how to manage the pain and knowing the level of pain to help ease the with medi ation the is better with medication.thankyou i learn alot i thank you once agian.
i hope my participation will help others.
Great program and very pleasant staff.
none
none
keep up the good work!
I personally feel that the system is helpful as well as clear and concise, therefore I wouldn't change anything
none
pink
It was alot of question and understanding things
blue
blue
would be easier to type instead of using the stylus
it was easy and could be good to help people be more self aware and be able to asess their pain
None
i think its a good system to use during hospice
a sometimes or other button
none
Very interesting
none
No comments at all, assessment was fine.
N/A
I believe anyone who can do this on this with the capability should do this.      There should be a written, brail and audio version.
Love it wish we had this to do with all pain but anyone that is on this program
I noticed that the screen is too sensitive for some patients.  My husband'S hands are shaky.
Not at this time
like it very much
none
Continue using
No
None
Freezing
Computer freezes sometime
i really thinkthat this is a great way to help patients
I thought the computer was fun and pretty easy for me
None
It is easy to use and think it can easily be used by even the less experienced user
I think this would only be helpful if the patient has a caregiver that can help each day
I believe this is a wonderful program for cancer research. plus it gives the patient something to do for a distraction, and lets them know some one cares about them enough to want to know how this disease makes them feel, or what there pain level is.
i thought this was a great program, and it is distracting to those who are home and cant get out. plus it lets the patients know there is a study out there, that will help better understand how patients feel.
new participant no comments at this time.
to many pain descriptions can be confusing
I feel that maybe the signal should be stronger so that the program can be assessed easily and that there is no long pause when answering or going to the next section or question.
Voice control would be really great just in case you're in too much pain to write. Also for the computer to talk back to you and understand you when you answer it verbally
None
none
caregivers only
Not really
I think this is an important feature. All should be allowed.
n/a
I think as overwhelmingly as it seems in the begining trying to adjust tothis whole Holspice would be great because thiscould raise the pain management awareness
there some questions were confusing
I think this system is great  it give the paitent, and caregivers better communication skill. That we can then share with the nurse, and doctor.
Nothing at this time.
This is a good program but I do think that the caregiver should be able to answer the same questions that the patient has. Example
 my aunt doesn't always tell the truth about whats going on with her, and I know what she is going through. I would like to be able to put in what I see also.
sometimes touch screen didnt respond, sometimes stylus didnt respond
nothing so far
Yes, if the peason has  some computer knowledge.
Make good use out of it0
good
somewhat sometimes my selection was not captured
I had some trouble with making the right selection due to touch screen sensitivity.
Pain should be measured everyday to see if the patient has intensity pain or less pain. By measuring enables the nurse to acess the amount of pain the patient is experiencing.
it helps the nurse see how much pain the patient has on daily basics
none
i think that this is great thing for patiences to have this program
its gud they can learn about pain control
The program froze a couple of times and I was unable to complete the assessment. It also would not be log in on Wednesday or Thursday.
anayza
i think its very good, because sometime the patient is more comfy with their caregiver
wonderful program
this program is helpful
My dad could not stay focused on the questions or answers. He would never have been able to answer the questions on his own. The questions were too long and the time it took to complete it everyday was cumbersome and not very realistic for a family in a hospice situation who are already over-taxed. I am accustomed to reading research instruments and I felt this one was very poorly designed.
no suggesion right now .
its good program for patients to have
It was something very different. Its very good for to keep up with patients pain, especially those that's going through cancer. Some of them are in constant pain.
i think this is an excellent program having the nurse being able to communicate in a sence through the dives being considered for future use.
pad was tempermental on where to touch screen
i think there should be emotional and stress questions
this should be made more public
touch to amswer, but next button, little stiff
give un complicated methods for usage, and timetables for doses
stylus and it is kind of very sensitive screen.
Make is easier to save data.
Assistance should always be available
may be a next / done button next to the options to mae it easier to complete
no